Feat(anta_runner): Add VerifyOSPFMaxLSA, VerifyOSPFNeighborState ospf tests (#6057)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/anta_runner/README.md

| [**VerifyMlagInterfaces**](https://anta.arista.com/stable/api/tests/mlag/#anta.tests.mlag.VerifyMlagInterfaces){:target="_blank"} | Verifies there are no inactive or active-partial MLAG ports. | `mlag_configuration` |
| [**VerifyMlagStatus**](https://anta.arista.com/stable/api/tests/mlag/#anta.tests.mlag.VerifyMlagStatus){:target="_blank"} | Verifies the global MLAG state is 'active' and other parameters are consistent. | `mlag_configuration` |
| [**VerifyNTP**](https://anta.arista.com/stable/api/tests/system/#anta.tests.system.VerifyNTP){:target="_blank"} | Verifies that the device's NTP service is synchronized with a time source. | *None* |

> | [**VerifyOSPFMaxLSA**](https://anta.arista.com/stable/api/tests/routing.ospf/#anta.tests.routing.ospf.VerifyOSPFMaxLSA){:target="_blank"} | Verifies all OSPF instances did not cross the maximum LSA threshold. | *None* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**VerifyOSPFMaxLSA**](https://anta.arista.com/stable/api/tests/routing.ospf/#anta.tests.routing.ospf.VerifyOSPFMaxLSA){:target="_blank"} | Verifies that all OSPF instances did not cross the maximum LSA threshold. | `router_ospf` |
```

Author: Updated. Thanks!!

> | [**VerifyOSPFNeighborState**](https://anta.arista.com/stable/api/tests/routing.ospf/#anta.tests.routing.ospf.VerifyOSPFNeighborState){:target="_blank"} | Verifies all OSPF neighbors are in FULL state. | *Checks all neighbors to be in `Full` state, `2Ways` is not accepted. `VerifyOSPFSpecificNeighbors` can be used in a user-defined catalog instead for the device with a neighbor that is expected to be in `2Ways`.* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**VerifyOSPFNeighborState**](https://anta.arista.com/stable/api/tests/routing.ospf/#anta.tests.routing.ospf.VerifyOSPFNeighborState){:target="_blank"} | Verifies that all OSPF neighbors are in the *full* state; the *2Ways* state is **not** accepted. Use `VerifyOSPFSpecificNeighbors` in a user-defined catalog instead for any device with a neighbor that is expected to be in the *2Ways* state. | `router_ospf` |
```

Author: Updated. Thanks!!
